fix(curriculum): clarify useMemo rerender behavior (#67350)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lecture-working-with-data-fetching-and-memoization-in-react/67d2f4ddb4a4306fdf5bbaee.md

export default ExpensiveSquare;
```

> This caches the result of the `calculateSquare(num)` computation. Even though the `ExpensiveSquare` component still re-renders every time the parent's `timer` state updates, the `calculateSquare` computation only re-runs on the initial render and when `num` changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will make sure the function is memoized by caching the result. Even though the `ExpensiveSquare` component still re-renders every time the parent's `timer` state updates, the `calculateSquare` computation only re-runs on the initial render and when `num` changes.
```
